Introduce "psql" command to connect to Lakebase instances (#3128)
databricks/cli: NEXT_CHANGELOG.md

### Dependency updates

### CLI

> * Added `databricks psql` command, that allows to connect to OLTP Databases with a single command ([#3128](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/3128))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add `databricks psql` command to connect to Lakebase with a single command ([#3128](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/3128))
```
